All right.
So this is a interesting problem for me and I struggled with it quite a bit.
So here we're given an array of integers and we want to know how many numbers we can jump to here how
many how many places we can touch to make clean jumps so what defines a clean jump here is how many
obstacles we can avoid in our numbers here being the obstacles so we're starting in zero index every
time we can jump to four then day then to 12.
And then how we get the number for years we've essentially touched it four times.
So how do we do that.
I I use sort and every as to methods.
Those are your hints.
Probably a couple of other ways of sorting this.
I found a lot of difficulty in solving this one it took me a day or so to really understand how it was
going to go about doing this to get the optimal guess here.
So let's go ahead and jump right into it.
All right so the first thing that we have to understand is that our arrays are sorted right so we need
in order to know how we can jump.
I guess we don't have to know but it makes it easier.
We should sort our array how we can do that.
Pretty straightforward.
When you sit input array.
We're just going there.
So this two input array sort and in here will have an A and B value.
What we want to have return is a minus B that's going to sort it numerically.
Now next thing actually we wanna do is we need to figure out what the largest array value is.
And then we want to add 1 to it.
The reason we need to add one.
Yes we do need to add one.
In theory because we want the number to be jumble.
So we had our.
So let's just get the largest value first so largest or leave out.
It's going to be the last value of r and put her in is just the input array and then we're going to
take the input array
length minus 1.
So that's going to give us the largest value we need the largest value to iterate through our array
here which we're going to do with a FOR loops or so.
Equal to 1 0 is.
So now if it 1 because 0 would cause an infinite loop for what we're going to be doing when you modulo
y 0 and things like that so instead.
And and we're going to check one larger than the largest Saray value plus 1.
The reason for that is if if we to not be able to jump any of these values maybe it's 1 1 1 1 1.
We need to say look the only jump we can do is from 0 to 2.
And then we need to say high plus plus because we want to hit are 8 by 1.
So we start at 1 and then we go all the way up to what our largest value is plus 1.
Now what we're going to do here is we're simply going to say look if our input array dot every and then
we have a function here and this strange element and
we might want to break this out not to be an if statement but I did in a statement so this is probably
a bad convention.
What it will do for this for now.
So if the element modulo II is not equal equal to zero.
Our turn that so if that's true all we do here is return.
And we're done.
And so this is more of a math a theoretical math one.
And so we sort the sort the array to get it from you know numeric order we then just create a value
that we're going to iterate up to and then if every element in the array is not equal to when we low
by the current index value we found the shortest jump.
And now we know that we can return for this value.
So that's basically at the at the end of the day it was a little bit complicated to get.
This is the hard part right here just visualizing what it is that we're actually checking.
So if you're able to if you understood this part.
This stuff is just you know set up at the end of the day.